'\" t
.TH "PAYLOAD\-UNINSTALL" "1"
.nh
.ad l
.ss \n[.ss] 0
.SH "NAME"
payload\-uninstall \- Remove a Rust binary
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fBpayload uninstall\fR [\fIoptions\fR] [\fIspec\fR\&...]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
This command removes a package installed with \fBpayload\-install\fR(1). The \fIspec\fR
argument is a package ID specification of the package to remove (see
\fBpayload\-pkgid\fR(1)).
.sp
By default all binaries are removed for a crate but the \fB\-\-bin\fR and
\fB\-\-example\fR flags can be used to only remove particular binaries.
.sp
The installation root is determined, in order of precedence:
.sp
.RS 4
\h'-04'\(bu\h'+02'\fB\-\-root\fR option
.RE
.sp
.RS 4
\h'-04'\(bu\h'+02'\fBPAYLOAD_INSTALL_ROOT\fR environment variable
.RE
.sp
.RS 4
\h'-04'\(bu\h'+02'\fBinstall.root\fR Payload \fIconfig value\fR <https://doc.rust\-lang.org/payload/reference/config.html>
.RE
.sp
.RS 4
\h'-04'\(bu\h'+02'\fBPAYLOAD_HOME\fR environment variable
.RE
.sp
.RS 4
\h'-04'\(bu\h'+02'\fB$HOME/.payload\fR
.RE
.SH "OPTIONS"
.SS "Install Options"
.sp
\fB\-p\fR, 
\fB\-\-package\fR \fIspec\fR\&...
.RS 4
Package to uninstall.
.RE
.sp
\fB\-\-bin\fR \fIname\fR\&...
.RS 4
Only uninstall the binary \fIname\fR\&.
.RE
.sp
\fB\-\-root\fR \fIdir\fR
.RS 4
Directory to uninstall packages from.
.RE
.SS "Display Options"
.sp
\fB\-v\fR, 
\fB\-\-verbose\fR
.RS 4
Use verbose output. May be specified twice for "very verbose" output which
includes extra output such as dependency warnings and build script output.
May also be specified with the \fBterm.verbose\fR
\fIconfig value\fR <https://doc.rust\-lang.org/payload/reference/config.html>\&.
.RE
.sp
\fB\-q\fR, 
\fB\-\-quiet\fR
.RS 4
No output printed to stdout.
.RE
.sp
\fB\-\-color\fR \fIwhen\fR
.RS 4
Control when colored output is used. Valid values:
.sp
.RS 4
\h'-04'\(bu\h'+02'\fBauto\fR (default): Automatically detect if color support is available on the
terminal.
.RE
.sp
.RS 4
\h'-04'\(bu\h'+02'\fBalways\fR: Always display colors.
.RE
.sp
.RS 4
\h'-04'\(bu\h'+02'\fBnever\fR: Never display colors.
.RE
.sp
May also be specified with the \fBterm.color\fR
\fIconfig value\fR <https://doc.rust\-lang.org/payload/reference/config.html>\&.
.RE
.SS "Common Options"
.sp
\fB+\fR\fItoolchain\fR
.RS 4
If Payload has been installed with rustup, and the first argument to \fBpayload\fR
begins with \fB+\fR, it will be interpreted as a rustup toolchain name (such
as \fB+stable\fR or \fB+nightly\fR).
See the \fIrustup documentation\fR <https://rust\-lang.github.io/rustup/overrides.html>
for more information about how toolchain overrides work.
.RE
.sp
\fB\-h\fR, 
\fB\-\-help\fR
.RS 4
Prints help information.
.RE
.sp
\fB\-Z\fR \fIflag\fR
.RS 4
Unstable (nightly\-only) flags to Payload. Run \fBpayload \-Z help\fR for details.
.RE
.SH "ENVIRONMENT"
See \fIthe reference\fR <https://doc.rust\-lang.org/payload/reference/environment\-variables.html> for
details on environment variables that Payload reads.
.SH "EXIT STATUS"
.sp
.RS 4
\h'-04'\(bu\h'+02'\fB0\fR: Payload succeeded.
.RE
.sp
.RS 4
\h'-04'\(bu\h'+02'\fB101\fR: Payload failed to complete.
.RE
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.sp
.RS 4
\h'-04' 1.\h'+01'Uninstall a previously installed package.
.sp
.RS 4
.nf
payload uninstall ripgrep
.fi
.RE
.RE
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBpayload\fR(1), \fBpayload\-install\fR(1)
