'\" t
.TH "PAYLOAD\-LOGIN" "1"
.nh
.ad l
.ss \n[.ss] 0
.SH "NAME"
payload\-login \- Save an API token from the registry locally
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fBpayload login\fR [\fIoptions\fR] [\fItoken\fR]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
This command will save the API token to disk so that commands that require
authentication, such as \fBpayload\-publish\fR(1), will be automatically
authenticated. The token is saved in \fB$PAYLOAD_HOME/credentials.toml\fR\&. \fBPAYLOAD_HOME\fR
defaults to \fB\&.payload\fR in your home directory.
.sp
If the \fItoken\fR argument is not specified, it will be read from stdin.
.sp
The API token for crates.io may be retrieved from <https://crates.io/me>\&.
.sp
Take care to keep the token secret, it should not be shared with anyone else.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.SS "Login Options"
.sp
\fB\-\-registry\fR \fIregistry\fR
.RS 4
Name of the registry to use. Registry names are defined in \fIPayload config
files\fR <https://doc.rust\-lang.org/payload/reference/config.html>\&. If not specified, the default registry is used,
which is defined by the \fBregistry.default\fR config key which defaults to
\fBcrates\-io\fR\&.
.RE
.SS "Display Options"
.sp
\fB\-v\fR, 
\fB\-\-verbose\fR
.RS 4
Use verbose output. May be specified twice for "very verbose" output which
includes extra output such as dependency warnings and build script output.
May also be specified with the \fBterm.verbose\fR
\fIconfig value\fR <https://doc.rust\-lang.org/payload/reference/config.html>\&.
.RE
.sp
\fB\-q\fR, 
\fB\-\-quiet\fR
.RS 4
No output printed to stdout.
.RE
.sp
\fB\-\-color\fR \fIwhen\fR
.RS 4
Control when colored output is used. Valid values:
.sp
.RS 4
\h'-04'\(bu\h'+02'\fBauto\fR (default): Automatically detect if color support is available on the
terminal.
.RE
.sp
.RS 4
\h'-04'\(bu\h'+02'\fBalways\fR: Always display colors.
.RE
.sp
.RS 4
\h'-04'\(bu\h'+02'\fBnever\fR: Never display colors.
.RE
.sp
May also be specified with the \fBterm.color\fR
\fIconfig value\fR <https://doc.rust\-lang.org/payload/reference/config.html>\&.
.RE
.SS "Common Options"
.sp
\fB+\fR\fItoolchain\fR
.RS 4
If Payload has been installed with rustup, and the first argument to \fBpayload\fR
begins with \fB+\fR, it will be interpreted as a rustup toolchain name (such
as \fB+stable\fR or \fB+nightly\fR).
See the \fIrustup documentation\fR <https://rust\-lang.github.io/rustup/overrides.html>
for more information about how toolchain overrides work.
.RE
.sp
\fB\-h\fR, 
\fB\-\-help\fR
.RS 4
Prints help information.
.RE
.sp
\fB\-Z\fR \fIflag\fR
.RS 4
Unstable (nightly\-only) flags to Payload. Run \fBpayload \-Z help\fR for details.
.RE
.SH "ENVIRONMENT"
See \fIthe reference\fR <https://doc.rust\-lang.org/payload/reference/environment\-variables.html> for
details on environment variables that Payload reads.
.SH "EXIT STATUS"
.sp
.RS 4
\h'-04'\(bu\h'+02'\fB0\fR: Payload succeeded.
.RE
.sp
.RS 4
\h'-04'\(bu\h'+02'\fB101\fR: Payload failed to complete.
.RE
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.sp
.RS 4
\h'-04' 1.\h'+01'Save the API token to disk:
.sp
.RS 4
.nf
payload login
.fi
.RE
.RE
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBpayload\fR(1), \fBpayload\-publish\fR(1)
