'\" t
.TH "PAYLOAD\-GENERATE\-LOCKFILE" "1"
.nh
.ad l
.ss \n[.ss] 0
.SH "NAME"
payload\-generate\-lockfile \- Generate the lockfile for a package
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fBpayload generate\-lockfile\fR [\fIoptions\fR]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
This command will create the \fBPayload.lock\fR lockfile for the current package or
workspace. If the lockfile already exists, it will be rebuilt with the latest
available version of every package.
.sp
See also \fBpayload\-update\fR(1) which is also capable of creating a \fBPayload.lock\fR
lockfile and has more options for controlling update behavior.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.SS "Display Options"
.sp
\fB\-v\fR, 
\fB\-\-verbose\fR
.RS 4
Use verbose output. May be specified twice for "very verbose" output which
includes extra output such as dependency warnings and build script output.
May also be specified with the \fBterm.verbose\fR
\fIconfig value\fR <https://doc.rust\-lang.org/payload/reference/config.html>\&.
.RE
.sp
\fB\-q\fR, 
\fB\-\-quiet\fR
.RS 4
No output printed to stdout.
.RE
.sp
\fB\-\-color\fR \fIwhen\fR
.RS 4
Control when colored output is used. Valid values:
.sp
.RS 4
\h'-04'\(bu\h'+02'\fBauto\fR (default): Automatically detect if color support is available on the
terminal.
.RE
.sp
.RS 4
\h'-04'\(bu\h'+02'\fBalways\fR: Always display colors.
.RE
.sp
.RS 4
\h'-04'\(bu\h'+02'\fBnever\fR: Never display colors.
.RE
.sp
May also be specified with the \fBterm.color\fR
\fIconfig value\fR <https://doc.rust\-lang.org/payload/reference/config.html>\&.
.RE
.SS "Manifest Options"
.sp
\fB\-\-manifest\-path\fR \fIpath\fR
.RS 4
Path to the \fBPayload.toml\fR file. By default, Payload searches for the
\fBPayload.toml\fR file in the current directory or any parent directory.
.RE
.sp
\fB\-\-frozen\fR, 
\fB\-\-locked\fR
.RS 4
Either of these flags requires that the \fBPayload.lock\fR file is
up\-to\-date. If the lock file is missing, or it needs to be updated, Payload will
exit with an error. The \fB\-\-frozen\fR flag also prevents Payload from
attempting to access the network to determine if it is out\-of\-date.
.sp
These may be used in environments where you want to assert that the
\fBPayload.lock\fR file is up\-to\-date (such as a CI build) or want to avoid network
access.
.RE
.sp
\fB\-\-offline\fR
.RS 4
Prevents Payload from accessing the network for any reason. Without this
flag, Payload will stop with an error if it needs to access the network and
the network is not available. With this flag, Payload will attempt to
proceed without the network if possible.
.sp
Beware that this may result in different dependency resolution than online
mode. Payload will restrict itself to crates that are downloaded locally, even
if there might be a newer version as indicated in the local copy of the index.
See the \fBpayload\-fetch\fR(1) command to download dependencies before going
offline.
.sp
May also be specified with the \fBnet.offline\fR \fIconfig value\fR <https://doc.rust\-lang.org/payload/reference/config.html>\&.
.RE
.SS "Common Options"
.sp
\fB+\fR\fItoolchain\fR
.RS 4
If Payload has been installed with rustup, and the first argument to \fBpayload\fR
begins with \fB+\fR, it will be interpreted as a rustup toolchain name (such
as \fB+stable\fR or \fB+nightly\fR).
See the \fIrustup documentation\fR <https://rust\-lang.github.io/rustup/overrides.html>
for more information about how toolchain overrides work.
.RE
.sp
\fB\-h\fR, 
\fB\-\-help\fR
.RS 4
Prints help information.
.RE
.sp
\fB\-Z\fR \fIflag\fR
.RS 4
Unstable (nightly\-only) flags to Payload. Run \fBpayload \-Z help\fR for details.
.RE
.SH "ENVIRONMENT"
See \fIthe reference\fR <https://doc.rust\-lang.org/payload/reference/environment\-variables.html> for
details on environment variables that Payload reads.
.SH "EXIT STATUS"
.sp
.RS 4
\h'-04'\(bu\h'+02'\fB0\fR: Payload succeeded.
.RE
.sp
.RS 4
\h'-04'\(bu\h'+02'\fB101\fR: Payload failed to complete.
.RE
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.sp
.RS 4
\h'-04' 1.\h'+01'Create or update the lockfile for the current package or workspace:
.sp
.RS 4
.nf
payload generate\-lockfile
.fi
.RE
.RE
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBpayload\fR(1), \fBpayload\-update\fR(1)
